experiment	item	condition	contextFile	conditionLabel	qType	question	design
rhyme14	1	1	1.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	1	2	1.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	1	3	1.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	2	1	2.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	2	2	2.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	2	3	2.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	3	1	3.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	3	2	3.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	3	3	3.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	4	1	4.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	4	2	4.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	4	3	4.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	5	1	5.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	5	2	5.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	5	3	5.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	6	1	6.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	6	2	6.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	6	3	6.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	7	1	7.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	7	2	7.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	7	3	7.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	8	1	8.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	8	2	8.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	8	3	8.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	9	1	9.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	9	2	9.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	9	3	9.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	10	1	10.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	10	2	10.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	10	3	10.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	11	1	11.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	11	2	11.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	11	3	11.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	12	1	12.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	12	2	12.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	12	3	12.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	13	1	13.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	13	2	13.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	13	3	13.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	14	1	14.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	14	2	14.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	14	3	14.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	15	1	15.B.wav	bad	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	15	2	15.G.wav	good	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare
rhyme14	15	3	15.I.wav	identity	jm	How good was this couplet in terms how well the words rhymed?\n\n(between 1=very bad and 7=very good)	LatinSquare